# Disclaimer

Trading leveraged products carries a high degree of risk and you could lose more than your initial deposit. Any future projections, data points, opinions, chats, messages, news, research, analyses, prices, or other information contained on the Aimelia.network and PredX.ai are provided as general market information for educational and entertainment purposes only and do not constitute investment advice. The Website should not be relied upon as a substitute for extensive independent market research before making your actual trading decisions. Projections, data points, opinions, market data, recommendations, or any other content is subject to change at any time without notice. Aimelia.network and PredX.ai will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information.

You should always understand that PROJECTED or MAX TRADING PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. Future projections (trend and consistency) have many inherent limitations, some of which are mentioned below. No representation is made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to the projected future trend regardless of the confidence value. There are frequently marked differences between projected trends and actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program.

Decisions to buy, sell, hold or trade in securities, commodities and other investments involve risk and are best made based on the advice of qualified financial professionals. Any trading in securities or other investments involves a risk of substantial losses. Please understand that trading is a very difficult career. By using Aimelia.network and PredX.ai service, you are not guaranteed future success. Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any loss or damage you or anyone else incurs as a result of any trading or investment activity that you or anyone else engages in based on any information or material you receive through Aimelia.network and PredX.ai or our services. You agree not to hold Aimelia.network, PredX.ai or any Admins liable for any possible claim for damages arising from any decision you make based on the content or other information made available to you through the Service.

Aimelia.network and PredX.ai cannot and does not represent or guarantee that any of the information (e.g., indicators, history price of an asset, dates) available through our services or on Aimelia.network and PredX.ai is accurate, reliable, current, complete, or appropriate for your needs. We do not control and are not responsible for what other users post on the Aimelia.network and PredX.ai services (e.g., discord, Twitter, YouTube, etc).
